[WebSub] Introduce improvements (#19599)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/websub/src/main/ballerina/src/websub/Module.md

}
```

> Ballerina publishers can also use the publisher client to register topics at Ballerina WebSub hubs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina publishers can also use the `PublisherClient` to register topics at Ballerina WebSub hubs 
```

}
```

> The subscription client can be used by subscribers to send subscription and unsubscription requests explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SubscriptionClient` can be used by subscribers to send subscription and unsubscription requests explicitly.
```
